Add missing docs (#3226)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/how-to/pipeline-development/trigger-pipelines/use-templates-cli.md

---
description: Create a template using the ZenML CLI
---

{% hint style="success" %}
This is a [ZenML Pro](https://zenml.io/pro)-only feature. Please
[sign up here](https://cloud.zenml.io) to get access.
{% endhint %}

## Create a template

You can use the ZenML CLI to create a run template:

```bash
# The <PIPELINE_SOURCE_PATH> will be `run.my_pipeline` if you defined a
# pipeline with name `my_pipeline` in a file called `run.py`
zenml pipeline create-run-template <PIPELINE_SOURCE_PATH> --name=<TEMPLATE_NAME>
```

{% hint style="warning" %}

> You need to have a **remote stack** active while running this command or specify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have an active **remote stack** while running this command or you can specify
```
